dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_neg_x_neg_y_pos_z_and_pos_x_neg_y_neg_z_and_pos_x_pos_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_neg_x_neg_z_and_neg_x_pos_y_pos_z_and_pos_x_neg_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_neg_x_pos_y_and_neg_y_neg_z_and_pos_y_pos_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_neg_y_and_pos_x_neg_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_pos_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_neg_y_neg_z_and_pos_x_pos_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_pos_y_pos_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_x_neg_y_and_pos_x_pos_y_and_neg_x_pos_y,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_x_neg_z_and_neg_x_pos_z_and_pos_y_pos_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_neg_z_and_neg_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_pos_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_neg_z_and_neg_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_pos_y_pos_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_neg_z_and_pos_x_neg_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_pos_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_neg_z_and_pos_x_pos_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_neg_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_neg_y_neg_z_and_pos_x_neg_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_three.clip_pos_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_neg_y_pos_z_and_pos_x_pos_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_two.clip_neg_y_pos_z_and_neg_x_neg_y_neg_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.clipping.triangle_vertex.clip_two.clip_pos_x_and_neg_y_pos_z,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.debug_marker.invalid,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.debug_marker.random,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.debug_marker.supported,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.float.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.float.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.float.vertex_attrib_3fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2.vertex_attrib_4fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat3.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat3.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat3.vertex_attrib_4fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_2f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_2fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_3f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_4fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec2.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec2.vertex_attrib_4fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec3.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec3.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec3.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec4.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec4.vertex_attrib_2f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec4.vertex_attrib_2fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec4.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_arrays.first.first_0,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_arrays.line_loop.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_arrays.line_strip.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_arrays.lines.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_arrays.triangle_fan.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.indices.buffer.index_short,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.line_loop.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.line_loop.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.line_strip.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.lines.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.lines.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.points.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.points.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.triangle_fan.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.triangle_strip.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.triangle_strip.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.draw_elements.triangles.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.14,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.17,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.18,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.3,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.30,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.38,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.42,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.47,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.48,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.49,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.50,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.52,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.58,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.59,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.6,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.62,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.70,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.draw.random.71,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.repeated_clear.tex2d_rgb,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.repeated_clear.tex2d_rgba,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_input.renderbuffer_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_input.shader_program,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_input.texture_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_name.renderbuffer_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_name.shader_program,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_name.texture_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_output.renderbuffer_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_output.texture_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind.buffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind.framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete.buffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete.program,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete_bound.buffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete_bound.framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete_bound.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.delete_bound.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.gen.framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.gen.program,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.gen.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.lifetime.gen.shader,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.polygon_offset.default_render_with_factor,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.polygon_offset.fixed16_render_with_factor,Crash
dEQP-GLES2.functional.state_query.integers.stencil_back_depth_pass_separate_both_getfloat,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2x3.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2x4.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat2x4.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat3.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat3x4.vertex_attrib_1fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_2f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4.vertex_attrib_3f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4x2.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4x3.vertex_attrib_1f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4x3.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.mat4x3.vertex_attrib_4fv,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.uint.vertex_attribi_4ui,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.uvec4.vertex_attribi_4uiv,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec3.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.default_vertex_attrib.vec4.vertex_attrib_4f,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.draw_elements_instanced.triangle_fan.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.draw_range_elements.triangle_strip.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.113,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.118,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.138,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.142,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.148,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.170,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.173,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.174,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.177,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.181,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.187,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.202,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.40,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.44,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.49,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.60,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.81,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.87,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.92,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw.random.95,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_advanced_blend_eq_buffer_advanced_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_advanced_blend_eq_buffer_separate_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_blend_func_buffer_separate_blend_func,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_color_mask_buffer_color_mask,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_disable_buffer_enable,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_enable_buffer_disable,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_separate_blend_eq_buffer_advanced_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_common.common_separate_blend_func_buffer_separate_blend_func,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_advanced_blend_eq_buffer_advanced_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_advanced_blend_eq_buffer_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_blend_eq_buffer_advanced_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_color_mask_buffer_color_mask,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_disable_buffer_disable,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_enable_buffer_disable,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_enable_buffer_enable,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_separate_blend_eq_buffer_advanced_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_separate_blend_eq_buffer_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.overwrite_indexed.common_separate_blend_eq_buffer_separate_blend_eq,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.0,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.1,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.10,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.11,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.12,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.13,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.14,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.15,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.16,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.17,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.18,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.19,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.3,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.4,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.5,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.6,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.7,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.8,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_implementation_draw_buffers.9,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.0,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.1,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.10,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.12,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.13,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.14,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.16,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.17,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.18,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.19,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.3,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.4,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.5,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.draw_buffers_indexed.random.max_required_draw_buffers.8,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r11f_g11f_b10f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r16i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r16ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r32i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r32ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r8i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r8ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg16i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg16ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg32i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg32ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg8i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg8ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb10_a2,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb10_a2ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb565,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb5_a1,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba16i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba16ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba32i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba32ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba4,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba8i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba8ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.srgb8_alpha8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.depth.depth_test_clamp.depth32f_stencil8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.depth.depth_test_clamp.depth_component32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.depth.depth_write_clamp.depth32f_stencil8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.depth.depth_write_clamp.depth_component32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_input.shader_program,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_input.texture_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_name.renderbuffer_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_output.buffer_transform_feedback,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_output.renderbuffer_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.attach.deleted_output.texture_framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind.sampler,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.framebuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.query,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.bind_no_gen.vertex_array,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.delete.buffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.delete.query,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.delete.shader,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.delete.texture,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.delete.vertex_array,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.delete_used.program,Crash
dEQP-GLES3.functional.lifetime.gen.query,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_128_bits_mixed.rgba32i_srgb8_alpha8_astc_12x12_khr.renderbuffer_to_texture2d_array,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_128_bits_mixed.rgba32i_srgb8_alpha8_astc_8x6_khr.texture2d_array_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_128_bits_mixed.srgb8_alpha8_astc_12x10_khr_rgba32i.cubemap_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_128_bits_mixed.srgb8_alpha8_astc_12x12_khr_rgba32i.cubemap_to_renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_128_bits_mixed.srgb8_alpha8_astc_12x12_khr_rgba32i.texture3d_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.r11_eac_rg32ui.cubemap_to_texture2d_array,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.r11_eac_rg32ui.cubemap_to_texture3d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.r11_eac_rg32ui.texture2d_to_renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.r11_eac_rg32ui.texture2d_to_texture2d_array,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.r11_eac_rgba16i.texture2d_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.r11_eac_rgba16i.texture2d_to_texture3d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32f_r11_eac.cubemap_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32f_r11_eac.texture2d_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32f_signed_r11_eac.cubemap_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32f_signed_r11_eac.texture3d_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32i_r11_eac.texture2d_array_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32i_r11_eac.texture2d_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32i_signed_r11_eac.cubemap_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32i_signed_r11_eac.renderbuffer_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32i_signed_r11_eac.renderbuffer_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32i_signed_r11_eac.texture2d_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32ui_r11_eac.texture2d_array_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32ui_signed_r11_eac.cubemap_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rg32ui_signed_r11_eac.texture3d_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rgba16i_signed_r11_eac.renderbuffer_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.rgba16ui_signed_r11_eac.texture2d_array_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32f.texture2d_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32f.texture2d_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32i.cubemap_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32i.cubemap_to_renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32i.texture2d_to_renderbuffer,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32i.texture2d_to_texture2d_array,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32i.texture2d_to_texture3d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rg32ui.texture2d_to_texture2d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.mixed.viewclass_64_bits_mixed.signed_r11_eac_rgba16i.cubemap_to_cubemap,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.non_compressed.viewclass_16_bits.rg8i_r16ui.texture2d_array_to_texture3d,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.base_vertex.index_byte,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.base_vertex.index_neg_short,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.builtin_variable.vertex_id,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.line_strip.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.lines.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.lines.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.lines.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.lines.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.triangle_fan.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.triangle_fan.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.triangle_strip.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_base_vertex.triangles.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.base_vertex.index_short,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_loop.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_loop.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_loop.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_loop.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_strip.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_strip.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_strip.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.line_strip.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.lines.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.lines.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.lines.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.lines.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.points.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.points.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.points.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.points.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_fan.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_fan.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_fan.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_fan.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_strip.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_strip.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangle_strip.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangles.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangles.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_elements_instanced_base_vertex.triangles.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.base_vertex.index_byte,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.base_vertex.index_int,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.base_vertex.index_neg_int,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.indices.index_int,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.indices.index_short,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.line_loop.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.line_loop.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.line_loop.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.line_loop.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.line_strip.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.line_strip.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.lines.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.lines.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.points.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.points.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_fan.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_fan.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_fan.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_strip.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_strip.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_strip.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangle_strip.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangles.default_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangles.instanced_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangles.multiple_attributes,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.draw_base_vertex.draw_range_elements_base_vertex.triangles.single_attribute,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.non_multisample_buffer.sample_n_default_framebuffer,Fail
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.non_multisample_buffer.sample_n_singlesample_rbo,Fail
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.non_multisample_buffer.sample_n_singlesample_texture,Fail
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.sr8.conversion_gpu,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.sr8.enabled,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.sr8.skipped,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.srg8.conversion_gpu,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.srg8.skipped,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.srg8.using_sampler,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.srgba8.texel_fetch,Crash
dEQP-GLES31.functional.srgb_texture_decode.skip_decode.srgba8.using_sampler,Crash

spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-no-op-paths,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos@glsl_vs_gs_linked,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos@glsl_vs_tes_linked,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-smooth-coverage,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-smooth-stipple,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@max-texture-size,Crash
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-facing,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 1: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 5: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@copyteximage 3d,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo@test_polygon_stip,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@polygon-stipple-fs,Fail
spec@!opengl 3.0@clearbuffer-depth-cs-probe,Fail
spec@!opengl es 3.0@gles-3.0-transform-feedback-uniform-buffer-object,Fail
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@fbo-blit-scaled-linear,Fail
spec@arb_get_texture_sub_image@arb_get_texture_sub_image-get,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@arb_gpu_shader_fp64-tf-separate,Fail
spec@arb_program_interface_query@arb_program_interface_query-getprogramresourceindex,Fail
spec@arb_program_interface_query@arb_program_interface_query-getprogramresourceindex@'vs_input2[1][0]' on GL_PROGRAM_INPUT,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@arb_sample_shading-builtin-gl-sample-mask-mrt-alpha-to-coverage,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@0.500000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@0.500000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.250000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.250000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.125000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.125000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.125000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.125000 partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity,Crash
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicMin,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@max-size,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@max-size@image2DMS max size test/8x16384x8x1,Fail
spec@arb_shader_texture_lod@execution@arb_shader_texture_lod-texgrad,Fail
spec@arb_shader_texture_lod@execution@arb_shader_texture_lod-texgradcube,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@fs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb),Crash
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb),Crash
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_cube_map_array@texsubimage cube_map_array,Fail
spec@arb_viewport_array@display-list,Fail
spec@egl 1.4@egl-ext_egl_image_storage,Crash
spec@egl 1.4@eglterminate then unbind context,Fail
spec@egl_android_native_fence_sync@egl_khr_fence_sync android_native,Crash
spec@egl_ext_device_base@conformance,Crash
spec@egl_ext_platform_device@conformance,Crash
spec@egl_khr_fence_sync@conformance,Crash
spec@egl_khr_gl_image@egl_khr_gl_renderbuffer_image-clear-shared-image gl_depth_component24,Fail
spec@egl_khr_surfaceless_context@viewport,Fail
spec@egl_mesa_platform_surfaceless@conformance,Crash
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-image-overwrite,Crash
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@blit-mismatched-formats,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@enable-flag,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-flushing-2,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv12,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv21,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p010,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p012,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p016,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yuv420,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yvu420,Fail
spec@ext_packed_float@query-rgba-signed-components,Fail
spec@ext_texture_array@texsubimage array,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@immediate-reuse-uniform-buffer,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quad_strip wireframe,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quads wireframe,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@samplers@glsl-fs-lots-of-tex,Fail
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@primitive-id-no-gs-quad-strip,Fail
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@primitive-id-no-gs-quads,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@fs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
